Oh
you
what it dooski son duelist it shit boy
wife your blog TV coming straight out of
Cincinnati Ohio with another video now
how can I begin this video man let me
just say this it is a lot of fucked up
stupid shit going on in the world today
but i just don't understand some of the
shit that is going on i'm just blessed
that you know I don't do a lot of dumb
shit no more I me I made my mistakes you
know everybody make mistakes but to
really some chick just be too extreme of
just stupidity like you just got to use
common sense some time in life and just
and just just think before you do
something now this situation is just
crazy to me like this is something that
doesn't happen every day at least from
what I you know I don't see things I
just happen every day even hear things
like this happen today I never know that
a fucking cell phone was that important
to somebody life I mean really that
important to wear if it breaks off you
some somebody break your phone you would
kill them like really are you fucking
serious let me just tell y'all if y'all
haven't heard widely ok 17 year old boy
from the Bronx named Frankie Hernandez
was killed by his girlfriend Oh Frankie
was 17 by the way I said it already but
I just wanna remind you guys he was 17
by the way and his girlfriend Jasmine
das was 25 years old from what the
people said you know his mother said the
deceased mother stay down they was
arguing upstairs because the boy dropped
and broke her cell phone and the
argument escalated to the hallways and
they broke bottles and all kinds of
things and it escalated to outside so as
the argument was going on the girl his
girlfriend she got in her car drove off
or whatnot and did it you turn now when
she did the u-turn the boy was still in
the middle of the street but as she was
going so fast he didn't have enough time
to basically go out the way and she ran
him over with the car she ran him over
with her SUV and crushed his skull
killed them ran
over just man like this is crazy like I
can only imagine you know what you know
for the people who was out there I can
just imagine how they felt just seeing
something like that because they said it
was brutal you know they ran the boys
she ran the boy over bonds was broken
skull was crushed blood was everywhere
anything on top of that his mother had
to see this and she's by the time she
ran down the street it was just too late
from what she said and you know his
older brother got there on the scene
pretty fast and I'm he was devastated
you know everybody seemed devastated me
a hell you you would be devastated too
but the girl she end up free and she end
up going to her mother's house and
eventually the police they arrested her
and on man but like I said man it just
is just stupid like more stupid shit
going on in the world I shouldn't be
going on and I feel like she's gonna get
what she deserves I mean I know she
probably thinking about this the whole
event like really mean damn it's just an
iphone you can get another damn phone
but you can't get you can't bring back
somebody you know like I just didn't
know fucking I thought was that
important to people but um yeah man it's
just another stupid thing that's going
on in the world and if I'm her family I
I don't even know if I can honestly feel
as bad if I'm her family because come on
girl your left you should have just left
don't leak don't come back and run
somebody over I mean I rather you come
me if you're gonna come back smack my
ass in the face punch me do something
you know come on man that's just stupid
so now this girl is probably about to do
a lot of time in jail maybe life and
she's gonna rethink she's going to think
about on a lot why she's sitting behind
bars and that his mother has lost a son
you know at a very young age 17 I mean I
see a young age he probably was still at
school or about to be out of school you
know whatever the case is but um yeah
man I don't know what's going on in the
world today but uh y'all be safe me a
comment subscribe favorite do all that
good shit I appreciate it peace
I'm here now you old news nursing home
rappers who the hell is hyping dues teen
years plus without one here if family
changing hustle up it's time to go to
cheek I'm three years strong my buzz
biggest precious the only thing I'm
thinking about is me as beam Alexis
we should I cops now fucking mall I
rather hapa finish every rider brother
love these niggas man because I'm not my
business baby got your people of the
conversation finish I'm busy killing
money by in my next move allergic to the
bullshit don't know how to lose I'm
drinking all black somebody musta dad
on your bitches man somebody musta lie
if I ain't in your top rashes no one
nigga try this shit I spinners real you
nigga say
you all know I'm here
you all know you nigga say they never
heard of you
nigga say they don't we
I'm